Docsite: update "Migrating Ansible content to a different collection" info (#72710)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections.rst

#. Copy content from the source (old) collection to the target collection.
#. Deprecate the module/plugin with ``removal_version`` scheduled for the next major version in ``meta/runtime.yml`` of the source collection. The deprecation must be released after the copied content has been included in a release of the target collection.
#. When the next major release of the old collection is prepared:

>   * remove the module/plugin from the source collection and its symlink stored in ``plugin/modules`` directory if appropriate (mainly when removing from ``community.general`` and ``community.network``)

Reviewer: Whatever term we use in the main intro (line 543 above), we should use throughout - so either "old collection" everywhere or "source collection" everywhere - I like "old collection" a bit better.
```suggestion
  * remove the module/plugin from the old collection
  * remove the symlink stored in ``plugin/modules`` directory if appropriate (mainly when removing from ``community.general`` and ``community.network``)
```

Author: I'm not sure `old` is better than `source` technically BUT, agreed, it's clearer

>   * remove its unit and integration tests, specific module utils, and documentation fragments if there are any in the source collection

Reviewer: I think splitting this out so it reads like a checklist makes it easier to tell if I've done everything in the list:
```suggestion
  * remove related unit and integration tests
  * remove specific module utils
  * remove specific documentation fragments if there are any in the old collection
```

>   * add a changelog fragment containing entries for ``removed_features`` and ``breaking_changes``; refer to the fragment in this `pull request <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/pull/1304>`_ as an example

Reviewer: I had to read this twice to figure out what it meant . . . not sure how to express this better, maybe:
```suggestion
  * add a changelog fragment containing entries for ``removed_features`` and ``breaking_changes``; you can see an example of a changelog fragment in this `pull request <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/pull/1304>`_ 
```

Author: LGTM

>   * change ``meta/runtime.yml``:

Reviewer: More specifics would help here - change meta/runtime.yml in the old collection? in the new collection? in ansible/ansible?

Author: fixed, thanks!

    * add ``redirect`` to the corresponding module/plugin's entry
    * in particular, add ``redirect`` for the removed module utils and documentation fragments if applicable
    * remove ``removal_version`` from there
  * remove related entries from ``tests/sanity/ignore.txt`` files if exist
  * remove changelog fragments for removed content that are not yet part of the changelog (in other words, do not modify `changelogs/changelog.yaml` and do not delete files mentioned in it)

>   * remove requirements that are no longer required in ``tests/unit/requirements.txt``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * remove requirements that are no longer required in ``tests/unit/requirements.txt``, ``tests/requirements.yml`` and ``galaxy.yml``
```

Author: Done

#. Deprecate the module/plugin with ``removal_version`` scheduled for the next major version in ``meta/runtime.yml`` of the source collection. The deprecation must be released after the copied content has been included in a release of the target collection.
#. When the next major release comes:

>   * remove the module/plugin from the source collection and its symlink stored in ``plugin/modules`` directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * remove the module/plugin from the source collection and its symlink stored in ``plugin/modules`` directory if appropriate (mainly when removing from ``community.general`` and ``community.network``)
```

>   * remove its unit and integration tests, specific module utils, and documentation fragments if exist from the source collection

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * remove its unit and integration tests, specific module utils, and documentation fragments if there are any in the source collection
```

  * add a changelog fragment containing entries for ``removed_features`` and ``breaking_changes``; refer to the fragment in this `pull request <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/pull/1304>`_ as an example

>   * add ``redirect`` to the corresponding module/plugin's entry in ``meta/runtime.yml``
>   * add ``redirect`` for the removed module utils and documentation fragments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * add ``redirect`` to the corresponding module/plugin's entry in ``meta/runtime.yml``
    * in particular, add ``redirect`` for the removed module utils and documentation fragments if applicable
```

Author: @felixfontein , committed, thanks!

  * remove ``removal_version`` from there

>   * remove related entries from tests/sanity/ignore.txt files if exist

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * remove related entries from ``tests/sanity/ignore.txt`` files if exist
```

>   * remove related entries from tests/sanity/ignore.txt files if exist

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * remove related entries from tests/sanity/ignore.txt files if exist
  * remove changelog fragments for removed content that are not yet part of the changelog (i.e. do not modify `changelogs/changelog.yaml` and do not delete files mentioned in it)
```

Author: @felixfontein thanks, added

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* remove requirements that are no longer required in ``tests/unit/requirements.txt``
```

Author: @dmsimard thanks for the good suggestions, now it's better! Committed.

#. Deprecate the module/plugin with ``removal_version`` scheduled for the next major version in ``meta/runtime.yml`` of the source collection. The deprecation must be released after the copied content has been included in a release of the target collection.

> #. When the next major release comes:

Reviewer 4: Which `next major release` is this talking about?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. When the next major release of the old collection is prepared:
```

Author: @dericcrago thanks for the question! @felixfontein thanks for clarifying! committed

  * remove the module/plugin from the source collection and its symlink stored in ``plugin/modules`` directory if appropriate (mainly when removing from ``community.general`` and ``community.network``)
  * remove its unit and integration tests, specific module utils, and documentation fragments if there are any in the source collection
  * add a changelog fragment containing entries for ``removed_features`` and ``breaking_changes``; refer to the fragment in this `pull request <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/pull/1304>`_ as an example
  * add ``redirect`` to the corresponding module/plugin's entry in ``meta/runtime.yml``
  * in particular, add ``redirect`` for the removed module utils and documentation fragments if applicable

>   * remove ``removal_version`` from there

Reviewer 4: are both of these points talking about the `meta/runtime.yml` file? Would it be helpful to either explicitly call that out or indent them?

maybe something like this even?

```
* changes to ``meta/runtime.yml``
  * add ``redirect`` to the corresponding module/plugin's entry
    * in particular, add ``redirect`` for the removed module utils and documentation fragments if applicable
  * remove ``removal_version``
```

Author: @dericcrago , good suggestion, done, thanks!

#. When the next major release comes:

  * remove the module/plugin from the source collection

>   * remove its unit and integration tests, specific module utils, and documentation fragments if exist from the source collection. Be sure, they are not used by other modules/plugins and tests

Reviewer 5: > Be sure, they are not used by other modules/plugins and tests

How can we be sure, is that only for `tests/integration/targets/setup_*` tests?

Author: Yes

Author: `grep` usually helps

Author: i'll reformulate this a little bit

Author: i removed this sentence, it's, imo, unnecessary

>   * add a changelog fragment containing entries for ``removed_features`` and ``breaking_changes``

Reviewer 5: Can we link to Felix's PRs as examples?

Author: Thought of this, ok, will do, thanks!
